DevOps General Questions: 

1. What do you know about DevOps?
      DevOps (a portmanteau of “development” and “operations”) is the combination of practices and tools designed to increase an organization’s ability to deliver applications and services faster than traditional software development processes. This speed enables organizations to better serve their customers and compete more effectively in the market.
      In simple terms, DevOps is about removing the barriers between traditionally siloed teams, development and operations. Under a DevOps model, development and operations teams work together across the entire software application life cycle, from development and test through deployment to operations.
      
2. How is DevOps different from agile methodology?
      Agile addresses gaps in Customer and Developer communications. 
      DevOps addresses gaps in Developer and IT Operations communications
      https://www.guru99.com/agile-vs-devops.html
      In Agile, Leverage shift-left. In Devops, Leverage both shifts left and right.
      https://www.dynatrace.com/news/blog/what-is-shift-left-and-what-is-shift-right/
      
3. How will you approach a project that needs to implement DevOps?
      Stage 1
      An assessment of the existing process and implementation for about two to three weeks to identify areas of improvement so that the team can create a road map for the implementation.
      Stage 2
      Create a proof of concept (PoC). Once it is accepted and approved, the team can start on the actual implementation and roll-out of the project plan.
      Stage 3
      The project is now ready for implementing DevOps by using version control/integration/testing/deployment/delivery and monitoring followed step by step.
    
4. What is the role of configuration management in DevOps?
      -It helps with the administration and management of multiple servers and maintains the integrity of the entire infrastructure.
      -Enables management of and changes to multiple systems.
      -Configuration as code ex) Ansible, chef, puppet     
      

5. How does continuous monitoring help you maintain the entire architecture of the system?
      Continuous monitoring in DevOps is a process of detecting, identifying, and reporting any faults or threats in the entire infrastructure of the system
      including servers, applications and any other resources
      Monitoring tools - Cloudwatch, X-ray, Newrelic, Appdynamics, splunk, ELK
      https://www.headspin.io/blog/what-is-continuous-monitoring-in-devops
      
6. Name three important DevOps KPIs.
      The three important KPIs are as follows:
            Meantime to failure recovery - This is the average time taken to recover from a failure.
            Deployment frequency - The frequency in which the deployment occurs. 
            Percentage of failed deployments - The number of times the deployment fails.
           https://www.appdynamics.com/topics/devops-metrics-and-kpis
           
7. What are the benefits of using version control?
      - Team members collaboration, they can work independently through branches
      - failure recovery - easy to rollback to previous version
      - Stores the code in Distributed system
      
8. Can you explain the “Shift left to reduce failure” concept in DevOps?
      Shift left is a DevOps idea for improving security, performance, and other factors. 
      Let us take an example: if we look at all of the processes in DevOps, we can state that security is tested prior to the deployment step.
      We can add security in the development phase, which is on the left, by employing the left shift method. 
      [will be depicted in a diagram] We can integrate with all phases, including before development and during testing, not just development. 
      This most likely raises the security level by detecting faults at an early stage.
      
9. What is the Blue/Green Deployment Pattern?
      A blue/green deployment is a deployment strategy in which you create two separate, but identical environments.
      One environment (blue) is running the current application version and one environment (green) is running the new application version.
      
      Risk :
      Quality assurance and user acceptance testing may not identify all of the anomalies or regressions either,
      and so shifting all user traffic at once can present risks. 
      Pros:Faster rollback
      Cons:Expensive
      
10. What is continuos and automation testing, its benefits and and how to automate testing in devops life cycle? 
      Continuous Testing : Development teams to receive immediate feedback, every build is continually tested in this manner. (Sonarqube)
      Automation Testing : Process of automating a manual procedure in order to test an application or system (Selenium)
      Every time a change is made in the code, Jenkins-like Continuous Integration tools 
      will grab it from this common repository and deploy it for Continuous Testing, which is done by tools like Selenium.
      
11. What is CI & CD ? 
12. What is CBD in DevOps?
13. What is Dogpile effect? How can it be prevented?
14. How do all these devops tools work together?
15. What are the anti-patterns of DevOps?
16. Latest trends in Devops ? https://staragile.com/blog/devops-trends , https://technostacks.com/blog/devops-trends

